[#515] [doc] Update docs wrt/ graalvm (#516)
http-kit/http-kit: README.md

## GraalVM Native Image

> http-kit server and client are compatible with GraalVM's native-image compiler. See the [test-native](test-native) project which is ran in CI.

Reviewer: I'd just use: 
```suggestion
http-kit server and client are compatible with GraalVM Native Image. See the [test-native](test-native) project which is ran in CI.
```

"GraalVM's native-image compiler" seems confusing: `native-image` is the utility, Graal is the compiler. The project is called GraalVM Native Image. :)
